Update blocked_queries config with example (#11434)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

[max_query_expression_size_bytes: <int> | default = 0]

# (experimental) List of queries to block.
# Example:
#   The following configuration blocks the query "rate(metric_counter[5m])".

> #   Setting the pattern to ".*" and regex to true would block all queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   Setting the pattern to ".*" and regex to true blocks all queries.
```

#   blocked_queries:
#       - pattern: rate(metric_counter[5m])

> #         reason: because the query appears to be misconfigured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#         reason: the query is misconfigured
```
